{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 INFORMATION ABOUT FOLDER CONTENTS: \
OrganoidActivationAnalysis.m: Matlab Script to Analyse organoid spike videos \
\
Input raw data: Contains the raw calcium spike recordings (flourescence) as .tif files. Contains 1/3 of the WT and 1/3 of the M233L organoid models used in the publication.\
\
Output Activation Maps: Activation Maps, as shown in the publication, generated using the OrganoidActivationAnalysis.m Matlab script and videos in the Input raw data files \
\
Output Spiketime Number: Maps showing the number of spikes per pixel, as shown in the publication, generated using the OrganoidActivationAnalysis.m Matlab script and videos in the Input raw data files \
\
Output Activation Videos: Videos of the activation, as seen in the supplementary material of the publication, generated using the OrganoidActivationAnalysis.m Matlab script and videos in the Input raw data files. Videos are gererated using the options to only display the main spike or also all consecutive spikes (as described in the code). \
\
\
INSTRUCTION HOW TO USE FILES AND RUN SCRIPT: \
1. Install Matlab and packages. Follow the instructions on \'93https://www.mathworks.com/help/install/install-products.html\'94 to install Matlab on your machine. Hardware requirements can be found on the official matlab site for each release. Matlab version R2024b is recommended, although older versions and future releases will probably also work. If necessary, additional packages may be required to download. With a decent internet connection, installation time of Matlab should be approximately 15-30 minutes. Matlab requires an academic or non-academic license to be run, which may need to be purchased. \
\
2. Add downloaded .zip folder to your path in Matlab and open the script OrganoidActivationAnalysis.m\
\
3. Change the folder path to the path on your personal computer and run either the entire script or sections of the script depending on the desired outcome. The script contains comments to guide the user which section leads to which output. \
\
In the current form of the script \'93OrganoidActivationAnalysis.m\'94, two plots will be generated for the users convenience: The activation Map and the spike number map. On a MacBook Pro M1 with 10 CPU cores, this takes approximately 20 seconds to run. \
\
\
LICENSE TO USE:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa560\partightenfactor0
\cf0 MIT license\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}